rel: prep 2.7 release (#1255)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.7.0

This release is a transitional release, laying the groundwork for substantial future changes to Refinery.

### Publish/Subscribe on Redis
In this release, Redis is no longer a database for storing a list of peers.
Instead, it is used as a more general publish/subscribe framework for rapidly sharing information between nodes in the cluster.
Things that are shared with this connection are:

- Peer membership
- Stress levels
- News of configuration changes

Because of this mechanism, Refinery will now react more quickly to changes in any of these factors.
In particular, all of the nodes in the cluster will now go into and out of stress relief together.

> Also, when one node detects a configuration change, all of its peers will be told about it immediately.

Reviewer: Do we want to add a disclaimer about the delay introduced in k8s if configurations are mounted as a ConfigMap?

All of the nodes should now enter or leave stress relief at approximately the same time.

### Metrics changes
There have also been some minor changes to metrics in this release:

The metric called `stress_level` has been split into `individual_stress_level` (the stress level as seen by a single node) and `cluster_stress_level` (the aggregated cluster level). If you were using the `stress_level` metric in SLOs, boards or triggers, you must update as the metric is no longer being sent.

There is also a new pair of metrics, `config_hash` and `rule_config_hash`.
These are numeric Gauge metrics that are set to the numeric value of the last 4 hex digits of the hash of the current config files.
These can be used to track that all refineries are using the same configuration file.

### Disabling Redis and using a static list of peers
Specifying `PeerManagement.Type=file` will cause Refinery to use the fixed list of peers found in the configuration.
This means that Refinery will operate without sharing changes to peers, stress, or configuration, as it has in previous releases.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we also need to mention the Health check change?

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.7.0

> This release is a transitional release, laying the groundwork for substantial future changes to Refinery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release is a minor release focused on better cluster stability and data quality with a new system for communicating peer information across nodes.
As a result, clusters should generally behavior more consistently.

Refinery 2.7 lays the groundwork for substantial future changes to Refinery.
```

### Publish/Subscribe on Redis
In this release, Redis is no longer a database for storing a list of peers.
Instead, it is used as a more general publish/subscribe framework for rapidly sharing information between nodes in the cluster.
Things that are shared with this connection are:

- Peer membership
- Stress levels
- News of configuration changes

Because of this mechanism, Refinery will now react more quickly to changes in any of these factors.
When one node detects a configuration change, all of its peers will be told about it immediately.

In addition, Refinery now publishes individual stress levels between peers.
Nodes calculate a cluster stress level as a weighted average (with nodes that are more stressed getting more weight).
If an individual node is stressed, it can enter stress relief individually.
This may happen, for example, when a single giant trace is concentrated on one node.

> If the cluster as a whole is being stressed by a general burst in traffic, the entire cluster should now enter or leave stress relief at approximately the same time.

Reviewer 2: Does this mean that you could expect to see a rise in cross-node network traffic, or do we expect it to be marginal?

Author: You might see the impact of pubsub traffic to and from redis, but it's pretty small; we mostly only publish new values when they're different.

### Metrics changes
There have also been some minor changes to metrics in this release:

> We hae two new metrics called `individual_stress_level` (the stress level as seen by a single node) and `cluster_stress_level` (the aggregated cluster level).

Reviewer: `hae` -> `have`
